Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[SHIP'S ENGINE RUMBLING]
[HULL CREAKING]
ZERO: How's the wound. B?
BRANDON: I gotta
get off my feet.
ZERO: All right. Take it easy
down the stairs. man.
[IN SPANISH]
Ah.
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[CHUCKLES]
[IN ENGLISH] No? Okay.
[IN SPANISH]
[WIND HOWLING]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[IN ENGLISH] Uh. Zero. We--
[GUNS COCKING]
[IN SPANISH]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRUNTS]
[ALL GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[GROANS]
[MAN SPEAKING OVER RADIO]
[BOAT ENGINES APPROACHING]
[IN ENGLISH] Oh.
that can't be good.
[MAN SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
[STRAINING]
-[GUNSHOTS]
-[GRUNTS]
[MAN 2 YELLING IN SPANISH]
[GRUNTS. GROANS SOFTLY]
[IN ENGLISH] Shit!
I can't see a damn thing.
[GUNSHOTS]
Cut the engine.
See if you can find a flare gun.
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
[GROANS]
[GUN COCKS]
[GROANING IN PAIN]
[BULLETS RICOCHETING]
[SIGHS. BREATHING PAINFULLY]
[BREATHING DEEPLY]
[HEART THUMPING]
[CHAINS RATTLING]
-[DEEP BREATHING CONTINUES]
-[METALS CREAKING]
-[WATER SPLASHING]
-[ENGINE WHIRRING]
[WATER GURGLING]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[GUN FIRES]
-[CLANGS]
-[MAN 3 SWEARS IN SPANISH]
[GUN COCKS]
[IN ENGLISH] Half dead
and shootin' blind.
I think you still hit
that motor.
[GUNSHOTS]
[BRANDON GROANS]
That's a lot of blood. B.
Can we get a break. please?
Come on!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[MAN 4 URGING IN SPANISH]
[CLACKS]
[GUN FIRES]
[SCREAMS]
[IN ENGLISH] Did you get
that flare gun?
Yes. sir.
Ready to fire.
Let it fly!
[FLARE CRACKLING]
[GUN FIRES]
[PANICKED SHOUTING]
[EXPLOSION]
Yeah! Hell of a shot. B!
Yes!
[EARS RINGING]
-[GROANS SOFTLY]
-Damn!
[RAPID HEARTBEAT]
[ECHOING] B?
-Hey! You stay with me. brother.
-[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
Come on.
Shit!
Hey.
Hang in there.
[WHIRRING INTENSIFIES]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
INTERROGATOR: Ezekiel Rosenberg.
You have exactly five minutes
to tell me what the hell
happened in Costa Verde.
Colonel Stone sent myself
and Brandon Beckett
to assist on an assignment.
We took losses.
Many losses.
But four of us made it out with
valuable intel that was uploaded
to a satellite to send
to agencies around the world.
The information
we gathered could--
INTERROGATOR: Where
is Brandon Beckett?
Is he still alive?
We ran into a few snags
during our exfiltration.
INTERROGATOR: Snags?
Your specificity.
it's. uh... inspiring.
What the hell
happened out there?
We were picked up by friends
of our former commander.
When the rescue squad
didn't radio in.
they sent in a chopper.
It took Brandon somewhere safe.
After that. my orders
were to return to G.R.I.T. HQ
for a briefing.
Then I got an encrypted text.
presumably from you.
telling me to come here.
Your turn.
What the hell am I doing here?
My name is Devon Frost.
I'm a "cleaner." a contractor.
And I've been put in charge
of dismantling G.R.I.T.
Let's bring you up to speed.
The Prime Minister
of the country
you just escaped
is claiming the U.S.
snuck G.R.I.T.
into Costa Verde illegally
to dismantle
his political power now.
It's a move right out of
the Soviets' playbook.
You know. saying
that the United States
is encroaching
on their territory. et cetera.
So. in order to prevent
a massive
international incident.
the CIA hired an outsider
to handle the situation
so that their fingerprints
are nowhere near it.
Just nod...
if you're still with me.
Bottom line. all paper
and digital evidence
that the Global Response and
Intelligence Team ever existed
has been wiped from the planet.
G.R.I.T. is no more.
But here's the snag. Ezekiel.
Your team is on the run.
They're in hiding.
"The Colonel." Gabriel Stone.
Yuki Mifune.
also known as Lady Death.
Peter Stolnitz. aka Intel Pete.
and the rest
of your merry band of misfits
with their goofy nicknames
have been AWOL
since the Costa Verde snafu.
It's just you.
You were the only one
dumb enough
to return to the United States.
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
Last chance.
Where is Brandon Beckett?
-[SCOFFS]
-Time's up.
[DOOR OPENS]
Ezekiel Rosenberg. you're being
detained under the Patriot Act.
Patriot Act?
That's for terrorists.
That's what they're calling
you now. Zero. A terrorist.
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
[BREATH SHUDDERING]
-[CAR DOOR OPENS]
-[ZERO BREATHING HEAVILY]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
[GRUNTS]
MAN: Hello. Zero.
Where's my son?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
My fellow Costa Verdians.
I have proof that the
United States CIA G.R.I.T. team
illegally entered Costa Verde
and killed
a government contractor.
along with over 100 soldiers.
This unprecedented act of terror
will not go unanswered--
The Prime Minister's own nephew
was killed
assisting these foreigners.
The United States
completely denies
any involvement in
the incident in Costa Verde.
Let's not forget that
the Prime Minister's brother.
Bruno Díaz.
was assassinated
by a sniper hired by Americans.
Prime Minister Díaz's
accusations are unfounded
and preposterous.
REPORTER: And wasn't
American Marine
Brandon Beckett a suspect?
FRED: No. Brandon Beckett
did not kill Bruno Díaz.
He was cleared and the men
responsible were caught.
thanks in part to him
and his father Thomas Beckett.
[CHUCKLES]
I smell a cover-up. Always have.
MICHAELS: It's not
the first time
Costa Verde has tried
to distract the world
from the poverty.
the corruption.
the brutality taking place
within its borders.
This is the latest attempt
from the United States
to meddle in and control
our domestic affairs.
REPORTER: Bottom line.
the Americans
are helping
these so-called Phoenix Rebels
to cause disruption
in Costa Verde.
We cannot allow this
any longer!
Their violence will spill
across the border
and onto
Tierra Nuevan streets.
MICHAELS: As for G.R.I.T..
the Global Response
and Intelligence Team
is an enemy
of the United States of America.
Anyone involved
in this terrorist
false flag organization
will be hunted down
and will face the consequences
for this operation.
Be warned. America.
You will answer
for this treachery!
Gracias.
-[ROWDY CHATTER]
-[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[CREW GROANS]
Stupid.
[GROANS] Come on. man!
[CREW CHEERS]
[GROANS]
Listen. Listen.
For the right price.
Iron Legion will find anyone.
CABRERA: [OVER PHONE] The
Prime Minister's Navy Squad
failed to prevent Beckett
and G.R.I.T.
from escaping the country.
Beckett?
Father or son?
[GUN PARTS CLANKING]
CABRERA: What do you mean?
Brandon Beckett.
[LAUGHTER]
The Becketts are the best
snipers on this planet.
and you have gone and made
-an enemy of the son.
- [CLANKING STOPS]
CABRERA: I don't give a fuck
about his reputation.
Find him.
And bring him to Roman.
-[GUN CLICKS]
-Alive.
KRUGER: Oh. yeah.
Your boss wants
to use him
as a political chess piece.
I have a TV. Mr. Cabrera.
I understand
your current events. I do.
Then you will know that G.R.I.T.
is no longer welcome
in the United States.
so they will not be there.
KRUGER: No shit.
That's why we're starting
in Costa Verde.
You're coming here?
G.R.I.T. was working with
the Phoenix Rebellion
in your country.
I start killing rebels.
I'll find somebody
that they care about.
eventually.
Which will bring Brandon to us.
KRUGER: Killing a Beckett's
gonna be fun.
And you had better
make sure my cash is ready.
Of course.
We have a crypto account
set up for this--
No. no. no. no. no. No. no. no.
I don't want
no Costa Verde crypto.
I want real money. I want cash.
I want a million down. And
I want five million on delivery.
Don't worry.
[CLICKS]
You will get your money.
You see. I've been burned
too many times
by clients that don't pay.
And if you don't pay...
you will feel the consequence
of the Iron Legion.
CREW: [CHANTING]
Kruger! Kruger! Kruger!
CABRERA: Call me
when it's done.
[CREW CHEERING]
[DEEP BREATHING]
INTEL PETE: [OVER PHONE]
Roman's got the entire
country of Costa Verde
on a media blackout.
No real news
or social media gets in or out.
But it looks like some rebels
have been able
to occasionally break down
the firewalls and spread
the truth. [CHUCKLES]
There's actually
some pretty great
Roman Díaz memes going around.
There's this one with a cat.
a can opener and--
[CHUCKLES]
...you just gotta see it.
-[LAUGHS]
-[BRANDON SIGHS]
I would love hearing
that hackers
are starting to break through.
[INTEL PETE SLURPING DRINK]
Think Díaz even knows that his
nephew died trying to stop him?
He doesn't really
strike me as a family man.
[SIGHS] You know.
Roman said that
any foreign operator
found in his country
is gonna be executed.
I'm worried about Zondi.
Have you found him yet?
I'm getting close. You should
have an update in a few hours.
If anyone can do it.
you can. Pete.
Brandon. listen.
If you need help.
say the word. We'll be there.
Thanks. but. uh... [SIGHS]
...it's too dangerous.
[GRUNTS] Yuki can never
step foot inside of Costa Verde.
She'd be literally hunted
by everyone.
Stay off the grid for now.
Keep Yuki and The Colonel
hidden. okay?
-Okay.
-I'm counting on you. buddy.
[MUFFLED CHATTER IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH] Hey. I gotta run.
-Stay safe. Pete.
-Be careful.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[DOOR OPENS]
ZERO: "Thunderstorm's coming."
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
BRANDON: "Then I'd better
grab my boots..."
"...and go dancing in the rain."
Whoa. Master Guns. sir.
What are you doing here?
-I came to see my son.
-[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
THOMAS: Hmm.
FROST: Devon Frost.
I served as your father's
spotter on assignment
when we were sent
to Costa Verde.
It is a pleasure
to meet you. sir.
He's a keeper. this one.
So what. did you two
travel all this way
just to escort us back home?
-[THOMAS CLEARS THROAT]
-There is no going home.
You're a man of no nation.
Brandon Beckett.
What?
[DRAMATIC MUSICAL STING]
[SIGHS WEARILY]
So we can't go home?
-ZERO: Believe me. I tried.
-[SCOFFS]
After everything we've done
for our country.
THOMAS: Oh. Brandon.
would you just
give it some time to cool down?
The President
and the State Department
are trying to de-escalate this
to prevent chaos in the region.
You've seen this before.
You know how it works.
[BRANDON SIGHS]
So. what. I'm supposed
to just keep hiding here?
Unofficially. we can
stay here as long as we need.
There's still a few guards
patrolling the grounds.
This whole base
was the rally point?
ZERO: Yeah.
This is where we were supposed
to bring our prisoners
Kovalov and Maxim
before our mission got FUBARed.
THOMAS: You know what?
You should leave.
Before that revolution over
there crosses the border here.
FROST: Roman won't invade.
He's still licking his wounds
from you wiping out
his militia force.
Besides. he doesn't have
any allying countries
and no way does he go to war
with Tierra Nueva
and the U.S. on his own.
Oh. well.
then you're damned if you do
and damned if you don't.
aren't ya?
[BRANDON SCOFFS. INHALES DEEPLY]
So what the hell
do you suggest I do?
ZERO: We fight.
We fight.
Like we always do. B.
We help our friends clean up
this mess in Costa Verde.
Zero. tap the brakes.
There's no country backing you.
You stay here.
you stay low. you stay safe.
THOMAS: Oh. for Christ's sake.
you guys just barely made it
back across the border alive.
You know what you need to do?
You need to come down
to South America with me.
Now. I got lots of friends
and really good contacts.
It's your call. B.
[BRANDON SIGHS]
We should help the Phoenix
Rebellion any way we can.
but without going
into their country.
If we can take down
Prime Minister Díaz.
things will clear up
for us as well.
They win. we win.
That's a lot of "ifs."
[SIGHS SOFTLY]
We need to speak to Thabo Zondi.
How did you guys find us?
Intel Pete was able
to break through
Roman's firewalls
and connect us all.
Tell us what's going on
in Costa Verde.
We have intel
that Roman is working
on a secret project
in the mountains
along the Tierra Nueva border.
I've orchestrated
a squad to investigate.
I stayed in Costa Verde
to complete what we all started.
And when you all get here.
there'll be no stopping us.
[BRANDON SIGHS]
We can't come back
to Costa Verde. Zondi.
Look. if we get caught.
we risk giving Roman
the excuse he needs
to create
an international incident.
I've heard the news.
You're a soldier
without a country.
but we can still
find a way to make this work.
It's not safe
for any U.S. citizen
to be in Costa Verde right now.
The President has called for
all U.S. citizens.
expats and aid workers
to leave immediately.
The situation is a powder keg.
But we can help in other ways.
Brandon and I can meet you
at the Tierra Nueva-Costa Verde
border with supplies.
We don't need your MREs
and toilet paper.
We need soldiers!
We need the best sniper
in the world
fighting by our side.
[SIGHS]
Zondi. the supplies
we're talking about are weapons.
My contacts in Tierra Nueva
have a cache of firepower
that is being brought to us
as we speak.
[SIGHS IMPATIENTLY]
They're bringing us weapons
to fight this battle
on our own.
They will not come back
to help us. Angel.
[ZONDI SIGHS]
Angel?
Gentlemen.
I understand your position.
But there's an election
coming up.
and Roman's name
is the only one on the ballot.
No one will challenge him.
We need to eliminate
Roman's influence now
so that the people are free
to vote in a new leader.
Otherwise. there's no stopping
his hold over Costa Verde.
[SIGHS]
You should be back
in South Africa
with your daughter.
Why are you in Costa Verde?
Commander Modise would not have
wanted me to leave Zondi.
Angel. is there
something else going on?
Things here have escalated.
His tactics have become
more brutal. uncompromising.
So you will meet us at
the border with weapons. yes?
We'll speak more then.
But the clock is ticking.
We need to get moving.
[STIRRING MUSIC PLAYING]
BRANDON: I know
it doesn't make sense
that I'm not coming back
to Costa Verde to fight.
Know that I'm with you.
You've become a leader. Zondi.
I'm proud of you.
Staying was the right decision.
I've been using the lessons
you taught me.
Twelve kills already.
not counting the twenty
from our battle together
at Kovalov's compound.
Just don't become
your kill count.
I've never seen
that course end well.
ZONDI: I long to fight
by your side again. Brandon.
Until that day.
I'll continue to lead here
on my own.
Goodbye.
Frost. I am sending you
coordinates
to the drop site.
FROST: Standing by. Katrina.
Why have we never
done this before?
Because I've seen you fight.
Yeah.
you're a little bit. um...
Aggressive?
I was going to say "unhinged."
but "aggressive" sounds nicer.
[LAUGHS]
All right.
Show me what you got.
[CLEARS THROAT]
[GRUNTING]
ZERO: Mm! [LAUGHS]
[GROANS]
[WHOOPING. LAUGHING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Oh. that was a good one.
-You all right?
-[WINCES]
LORENZO: Commander Zondi.
The Americans.
will they join us?
No. Lorenzo. but they are
providing us firepower.
Not the answer I wanted.
but we'll take what we can get.
Our soldiers are ready.
Start loading our gear into
the trucks. We move at sundown.
Pack the night vision.
We're gonna need it.
-Angel?
-Yeah?
I want Lorenzo
leading Charlie Team.
while you take Bravo.
I will lead Alpha Squad.
We need to be prepared
for anything.
I don't want anything going
wrong when we get up there.
We've gotta make sure
that we're gonna--
-[EXPLOSION]
-[YELPS]
[EARS RINGING]
KRUGER: Move! Move! Move!
[ECHOING]
[DRAMATIC ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
Let's burn some ammo!
[COUGHING]
-[REBELS GROANING]
-[GUNSHOTS]
[DRAMATIC ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES]
[WOMAN YELLS]
[WOMAN GRUNTS]
[GUNSHOTS]
[GROANS]
[GAGS]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[PANTING] Hey.
Did we mess it up?
The last assignment?
Just look at the aftermath.
People. like Stone.
Intel Pete. Yuki.
they're all
on the run now and...
We completed the assignment. B.
And a lot of good came out
of that intel that we retrieved.
Not to mention we kept
a deadly weapon
out of Roman's hands.
This current situation is gonna
work itself out. You'll see.
We're gonna be home in no time.
BRANDON: I don't know. man.
[EXHALES]
I feel more at home
when I'm on assignment.
When I go back to my place.
I'm a stranger.
Of course. you can't
get close to anyone because
you just always
have to leave again.
And you can't tell them
where you're going. why...
Yeah. man.
Why Shelly is my ex-wife.
Could never plan
a life together.
"Sorry. honey. I can't make it
"to the Johnsons' barbecue
on Saturday
"'cause I gotta go stop
an evil dictator
"from starting World War III."
[CHUCKLES]
"But have some potato salad
for me."
Anyway. what are you gonna do?
Job calls. we answer.
Come on. let's go.
[EXHALES]
[TENSE DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[WHIMPERING]
-[GUNSHOT]
-[HELMET CLANKS]
[GUNSHOTS]
[ARMOR CLANKING]
[GUN CLICKS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[ANGEL GROANS]
[ALL GRUNTING]
[ZONDI GROANS]
[ANGEL YELLING]
[GROANS]
[ZONDI GRUNTING]
Angel. get as many of our people
out of here as possible.
[ZONDI PANTING]
Go!
[GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOT]
[ZERO GROANS]
-[GROANS]
-[YELLS]
Oh. shit. That was your wound.
[GROANS]
[GRUNTING]
Come on. man! Not cool!
I thought
you were actually hurt.
Why do you gotta
play with my emotions like that?
[CHUCKLES] You told me
to show you the best I got.
-Jesus!
-FROST: Brandon. Zero.
There's been an attack.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRUNTING AND BLOWS LANDING
OVER VIDEO]
-[GUNSHOT]
-[ZONDI YELPS]
[GUNFIRE]
[ZONDI GROANS]
[MUFFLED DISTANT GUNFIRE]
Hope you enjoyed
the show. Brandon.
You're next.
-[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
-[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
MAN: [OVER RADIO]
Bridge secure.
[KRUGER CLEARS THROAT]
-Ah. useless.
-What would you like now. bitch?
Only reason
you're still breathing
is because I need live bait.
Otherwise. I'd cut you up
and remove all your
vital organs alphabetically.
-[MAN CHUCKLES]
-Uncuff me.
Let's see who'd cut who.
"Whom."
-[MAN LAUGHING]
-M... M... Mm... Mm...
[ENUNCIATES] Whom.
Who would cut whom.
You wanna threaten me.
at least get your grammar right.
Body count is 50. So far.
KRUGER: Ouch.
Wanna know why?
Brandon Beckett.
Beckett wants you dead.
All of you.
You're evidence that G.R.I.T.
was in Costa Verde.
When he broke through
the firewall
to connect with you.
we traced that call here.
You talking with him.
that was your death sentence.
And he knew that.
[DISQUIETING MUSIC PLAYING]
Give me Brandon Beckett.
I'll give you
an honorable death.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
I was hoping you'd say that.
Legions!
LEGIONS: Hoorah!
Move out!
LEGION 1: Get the fuck
over here!
LEGION 2: Let's move! Move!
[LAUGHTER]
LEGION 2: I said move!
KRUGER: Come on. Come on.
Follow. Follow me.
FROST: I was on a video call
with Katrina when they hit.
Over 50 Phoenix Rebels
were killed in the raid.
-Three were taken hostage.
-[SIGHS]
Lorenzo. Angel. and Zondi.
Holy shit.
-But they're alive?
-For now. that we know of.
Who the hell are these guys?
They're called the Iron Legion.
They're a lethal.
private mercenary group
that operates
without limitations.
These guys are the anti-G.R.I.T.
A collection
of red-notice agents
and dishonorably-discharged
ex-militants
from various places
around the globe.
Their only allegiance?
Whoever hires them.
They're led by this gem
of a human. Killian Kruger.
Former South African
Special Forces Brigade
turned hitman and anarchist.
Special Forces booted him
when his Colonel
deemed him "unstable."
Kruger responded
by beating his Colonel to death
with a golf club.
then folding up the 6'10" man
into the golf bag
and mailing it
to the Brigadier General.
Truth is. I've known
about the Legion for years.
They just never stay
in one place
long enough to be tracked.
My sources tell me
that Roman's Head of Security.
Francisco Cabrera.
hired them with the sole purpose
of wiping out
the Phoenix Rebels.
And finding you. Brandon.
[SIGHING] How did they find
the Rebel hideout?
Us.
When Intel Pete broke
Roman's media blackout.
the video call was traced back
to the Rebel location.
The only reason the Legion
aren't kicking down our door
is because the signal could only
be traced within Costa Verde.
-where the firewall was cracked.
-[BRANDON SIGHS]
So this is our fault.
-We were trying to help.
-Yeah. but it backfired.
[SIGHS]
Where are the Iron Legion
holding the hostages?
FROST: We don't know.
Why would they kill 50
and hold only three hostages.
unless they want us
to go back to Costa Verde?
This is a trap.
We don't have a choice.
Because we're not gonna abandon
Angel and Zondi.
We have to find them!
Listen. this was a heavy hit
for the Rebellion.
They're pulling back.
They're mourning. Re-grouping.
And they're coming here.
When Katrina made it out.
I suggested the current
safest course of action
was for the remaining rebels
to leave the country
while they re-strategize.
recount their numbers.
With the Rebellion
is an extremely important asset.
codenamed The Phoenix.
If anyone discovers this weapon.
it could end the entire
Rebellion with one hit.
So we're going
into lockdown. Understand?
[GRIPPING MUSIC PLAYING]
-Yeah.
-FROST: I'll brief Thomas.
[SEAGULLS SQUAWKING]
KRUGER: Again.
Prime Minister Díaz.
I wanna say thank you
for this humble abode.
The sheer number of our
imprisoned outgrew this relic.
So we built a state-of-the-art
detention center
in the heart of the city.
Consider this place a loan.
And if you continue
to impress me.
this could become the permanent
residence of the Iron Legion.
Cabrera says you emptied
a rebel terrorist cell.
-I did.
-This is excellent to hear.
But...
where is Brandon Beckett?
I'll find him.
But first. I have a gift.
[ROMAN CHUCKLES]
-Olivia?
-[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH] Put out
a press release.
Three rebel terrorists
will be executed
at my detention center
in two days.
Beckett and his pals
will be forced
to enter Costa Verde
to attempt a rescue.
and you will wipe them out
in one swoop.
But... and this is important...
keep Brandon Beckett alive.
I have plans for him.
No problem.
Until then. let's see what
we can dig out of these three.
[WATER TRICKLING]
KRUGER: Thabo Zondi.
Hmm. we know all about you.
Seems that you didn't learn
your lesson. though.
when Daddy and Grandpa
died in battle.
because you went on
and signed up
for the South African
National Defense Force.
Angel Anele.
Former South African
Police Services
before you were scooped up
by Commander Modise.
Lorenzo.
You didn't partner up
with G.R.I.T..
but somehow here you are.
in the middle of all of this.
I mean. I don't have
anything on you.
There's no digital footprint.
You're like a...
like a fucking mystery man.
-[LORENZO GROANS]
-KRUGER: G.R.I.T.
[CHUCKLING]
These motherfuckers. huh?
They're gonna leave
evidence everywhere
for Roman's men to find.
Seems to me they left everything
behind. Including you. Zondi.
I'm gonna need
your daughter's name
because when I'm done with you.
she's gonna be the only one
that will be able
to identify your body.
-[SCOFFS] Really?
-KRUGER: Mm.
That's the best you've got?
KRUGER: Nah. nah.
I could kill your mother.
She's looking after your
daughter right now. isn't she?
Do they both have to die
because of you?
You won't break me.
That's what they all say.
You will talk. Zondi.
It's just a question
of how much pain
you want to endure
before you break.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
So. you're the Brandon Beckett.
BRANDON: Guilty as charged.
I've heard stories.
I'm the Zero.
We didn't catch your name.
Oh. Skylar.
Where can we set up our tech?
We need a lot of space.
How are your fiber optics here?
Is that the weapon?
Is that The Phoenix?
No. That's a table.
[LOUDLY] Are you absolutely sure
you want help
from these Americans?
Be nice. Skylar.
They're friends.
BRANDON: Nova?
NOVA: Ooh.
BRANDON: Oh. shit.
ZERO: You're alive.
How?
You're the asset.
-The Phoenix.
-[NOVA SIGHS]
You have been spreading this
nickname again. haven't you?
Spreading hope. brother.
-We already talked about this--
-What-- I-- sorry.
Brother?
Oh. yeah. Skylar is my sister.
Half. On our mother's side.
I don't share genes
with Roman the Repulsive.
FROST: I am sure everyone's
got catching up to do.
But while that happens.
let's get everything set up.
Time is of the essence. Yeah?
-[MUFFLED GROAN]
-[COUGHING]
This form of torture
has been described
as slow-motion suffocation.
with only enough time for you
to contemplate the inevitability
of your death.
Your lungs
will fill up with water.
Your nasal cavity.
your throat will close up.
You'll struggle to breathe.
Your head will be on fire.
It's-- it's physically painful
and mentally violent.
Get it wrong.
terminal hypoxia.
[MUFFLED GROANING AND GAGGING]
[GASPING]
[WHIMPERING]
Get it right...
it's a slow. controlled death.
[CHOKING]
[GROANS. BREATHES HEAVILY]
KRUGER: This is
your last chance. Zondi.
Angel.
Lorenzo.
Tell me.
Tell me everything
Beckett taught you.
I need to know
the Beckett playbook.
when he comes for you.
what's he gonna do. Hmm?
[SNIFFS]
Okay.
Let's begin.
[GROANS]
There is no middle class
in my country anymore.
The divide between the wealthy
and the poor is catastrophic.
That's led to a revolution.
Rotter Roman
has most of Costa Verde
in his pocket
or under his thumb.
When my father was assassinated.
he was planning to open trade
with the U.S.
Then after his death.
Roman took over and made sure
that the borders
will stay closed.
Saying that the country
needed to be self-sufficient.
But the nation
became impoverished
and the infrastructure
is crumbling.
Roman doesn't want
to open the borders.
because he wants to expand them
into other countries...
like Tierra Nueva.
Mm-hmm.
But for that to happen.
he needs a war.
NOVA: Exactly.
SKYLAR: We're up and running.
After my injuries.
I haven't been able to be back
into the field of battle.
but I'm trying
to do my best remotely.
Skylar and I.
we've been breaking through
Roman's media blackout.
spreading the truth.
but hopefully
someone is listening.
SKYLAR: You've got
to be quick. though.
Even with a signal relay.
eventually. they can trace
the break back to you.
We learned that the hard way.
What can we do. Nova?
-[CELL PHONE CHIMES]
-Oh.
[CELL PHONE CHIMES]
Oh. bollocks.
This just came in. Hang on.
Let me translate it.
[MONITOR CHIRRUPING]
Angel. Zondi. and Lorenzo
are set to be executed.
Executed?
Roman wants to make
an example out of them.
Anyone he deems a "terrorist"
caught in Costa Verde
is to be put to death.
[SIGHS]
"The execution is tomorrow
"at the detention center
downtown."
How do we stop it?
-[INHALES SHARPLY]
-SKYLAR: We can't.
We have too little resources.
We lost so many
in the last raid.
Roman's detention center
is in the middle of the city.
and it's impenetrable.
We just don't have enough time
to get inside
without getting
most of our people killed.
ZERO: But we have
a bunch of rebels here now.
Surely there's enough of us
to storm the castle.
We can't afford to lose
anyone else.
Otherwise. there will be no one
to stand up for the cause.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
This is Angel and Zondi
we're talking about. Nova!
The Phoenix Rebellion
is fighting
for the soul of my country.
The cause is much bigger
than a few individuals.
[SIGHS SOFTLY]
Angel. Zondi. and Lorenzo
knew that when they signed up.
I'm sorry. but a rescue mission
is too risky for the movement.
-[ZERO SIGHS]
-Okay. We understand. Nova.
and respect your choice.
But we're going in.
Bringing our friends back home.
Then I wish you good luck.
Nova.
It really is good
to see you again.
Thank you guys
for letting us come here.
But please.
don't jeopardize the plans
for my country
in order to appease
your egos. Hmm?
All right. There's gotta be
a way in here. right?
[BRANDON SIGHS]
I don't know.
[ZERO SIGHS]
[WATER TRICKLING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[CHAIR SCRAPING]
All this pain was caused
by Brandon Beckett.
But you know this. don't you?
He led the Iron Legion
right to you.
Americans like Brandon Beckett
believe they have freedom.
but America
is a pay-to-play country.
I am making Costa Verde
equal for all.
But the U.S. is threatened
by this new way of life.
My brother once tried
to open our doors
to the rest of the world.
and we can see
how that turned out.
The people.
they don't want this.
They want protection. security.
And that is what I am providing.
I am taking Costa Verde
into the future.
into a new era
where the United States
no longer influence
the rest of the world.
Other countries will soon
look to Costa Verde
as the better way of life.
And I want you
to be a part of it. son.
But loyalty to Brandon Beckett
comes with consequences.
[BULLETS CLATTERING ON FLOOR]
[BULLETS CONTINUE CLATTERING]
[GUN CLICKS]
-[GUN CLICKS]
-[BREATHES SHAKILY]
ROMAN: What do you want. son?
Hmm?
-[GUN CLICKS]
-[GASPS]
ROMAN: I see potential in you.
-[GUN CLICKS]
-[GASPS SHARPLY]
ROMAN: Squandered
by Brandon Beckett
when he abandoned you.
-[GUN CLICKS]
-[INHALES SHARPLY]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
ROMAN: You can be
a leader. Zondi.
[WATER TRICKLING ECHOES]
-[GUN CLICKS]
-[BREATH SHUDDERING]
ROMAN: Lead for me
and I will make
your legacy immortal.
-[GUN CLICKS]
-[INHALES. BREATH TREMBLING]
ROMAN: Anything
that happens after this.
for the rest of your life.
everything from
this moment on...
is a gift from me.
I give you life.
[UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING]
It's morphine.
I am here to help you. son.
[GASPING HOARSELY]
[BREATHING SLOWS]
[ROMAN WHISTLING
THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER ]
-[DOOR CLOSES]
-[STRAINED GRUNTING]
[ZERO EXHALES HEAVILY]
ZERO: Don't mind me.
I didn't know anyone
would still be up.
It's okay. I'm done anyway.
Yeah. I can't believe
you're alive. Nova.
I'm so thankful. man.
We didn't know.
My heart was stop-and-go
for 24 hours.
I'm... I'm lucky to be here.
Holy shit. Look at you.
Shot four times.
rise from the ashes.
No wonder they call you
The Phoenix.
I just came to get some aspirin.
Staring at those screens
is giving me a headache.
I applaud your resilience
to find a way
into the detention center.
Brandon and I can't give up.
Lost our G.R.I.T. team.
Lost so many others.
[PILLS RATTLE]
I don't wanna lose anybody else.
Funny about the G.R.I.T. team.
All this time we spent together.
neither you nor Brandon
ever mentioned anything
about Yuki Mifune
being part of your team.
Lady Death. The assassin
who murdered my father.
Well.
nobody's perfect.
Look. Nova.
we're all grunts here.
We've all taken lives
we've been ordered to take.
I promise you.
it is not personal.
Not personal?
It was personal for me
and my family
and the people of Costa Verde.
If she didn't take that shot.
none of this would be happening!
Yeah.
-She saved my life.
-Oh. come on!
She saved Brandon's life.
She saved so many lives. Nova.
Zero...
in every assignment.
you've gone in.
saved the day. and walk away.
But have you ever wonder
what happens after? Hmm?
Because everything you do
has a ripple effect.
This Lady Death
in your team. Yuki.
started all this when she
murdered my father for money.
[TUTS SOFTLY]
And you just welcome her
with no consequences.
Have you ever contemplated that?
[ZERO SIGHS]
I already died once
for this cause.
And it changed me.
I appreciate everything
that you and Brandon
have done for the Rebellion.
But I don't think that
bringing foreign operators
was the best idea.
No. hold on. Listen to me.
We take out Roman Díaz.
all these problems go away.
[SCOFFING] They don't! No!
Muscling out a leader
doesn't solve any problems.
It just creates a power vacuum
for the next tyrant
to take over!
It's not the man
that needs replacing.
it's the system
that must change!
To be honest.
I-- I actually don't know
how-- how to do that.
Goodnight. Zero.
[SNIFFS]
[WIND HOWLING]
[DOOR CREAKS OPEN]
[DOOR SHUTS]
[GROANING SOFTLY]
Zondi?
Zondi!
[IN XHOSA]
[IN ENGLISH] No one
is coming for us.
ANGEL: No. That's not true.
The Rebellion
would never leave us.
Beckett led the Legion to us.
wanted us dead.
Beckett and Zero saved us
in Kovalov's compound.
They put their lives on the line
so that we could escape.
Have you forgotten that?
Then they turned
their backs on us.
They left us. Angel.
When the chance
came back for them
to come back and help us.
they abandoned us again.
Which put us in here.
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
Beckett is no leader.
he is only a soldier.
Even without a country.
he listens to an authority
other than himself.
He's weak.
This was never our battle.
We had one mission.
You chose to stay. and so did I.
But. brother. I promise you--
I don't need your sympathy.
LORENZO: Help will come for us.
You'll see.
INTEL PETE: [OVER PHONE] These
blueprints and schematics
are the best I could find.
They break down the detention
center from every level.
but I honestly
don't see a weak spot.
But hey. you're the Marine.
not me.
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
Thanks. Pete. These are great.
What else can I do?
There's gotta be something.
I mean. those people
were killed when I--
BRANDON: Hey.
that is not your fault. okay?
There's no way we could've known
the Legion was gonna trace
our call to the Rebellion.
The Legion took those lives.
Those deaths are on them.
Not you.
Whoever traced that signal
was a pro. Brandon.
Like. a coding savant.
I've never seen
anything like it.
Be careful. Okay?
[SIGHS]
We will.
Thanks for the blueprints.
Sorry. man.
-You did good. Pete.
-[CELL PHONE BEEPS]
-[BRANDON EXHALES HEAVILY]
-Oof.
Just had an intense conversation
with Nova.
Guy's changed.
Well. four bullets
will do that to you.
He wanted to know
why his father was killed
by a member of G.R.I.T.
He has a point.
You do this job
and you always believe that
you're on the right side
of the fight...
but you're always on the wrong
side of someone else.
That is very eloquent.
Why weren't you there
when I was having
this conversation with Nova?
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
'Cause I was here.
Trying to figure out a way
into this damn fortress.
I can't see a way to breach.
I mean. the sewer tunnels
are a no-go.
It's too risky
to drop in from above.
It's too heavily armored
and guarded all the way around.
[SIGHS]
Nova might be right.
There's just not enough time
to find a way in.
We can't give up. though. B.
They're not going out this way.
We still have a few hours.
Okay.
Let's try this again.
These are the blueprints
IP sent you.
[BRANDON EXHALES HEAVILY]
What if we grab
one of those old trucks.
we fix it up. and we smash
through that front gate?
Well. that's what
they expect us to do.
Charge in. guns blazing.
But we cannot do that.
just the two of us.
-Hey.
-FROST: Any luck?
BRANDON: Nah.
Did Thomas ever tell you about
the assignment in Costa Verde?
You just reminded me of it.
We were in a similar situation.
We just couldn't find a path in.
So. what'd you do?
Well. your father said.
"If you can't see a path in.
figure out what theirs is."
[BRANDON SIGHS]
That's the answer.
ZERO: Mm.
Wait. what?
We don't hit
the detention center.
We hit the convoy transport
taking the hostages there.
We ambush them on their path in
before they get to the prison.
They'll have protection.
But we'll have
the element of surprise.
That could work.
We know they're heading
to the detention center
in the middle of town.
but we don't know
which direction
they're coming in from.
It doesn't matter
where they're coming in from.
as long as we can get
that convoy here.
We create a kill box.
My brother and I can
direct them there.
We'll get into their GPS system.
-ZERO: You can do that?
-Yeah.
With my eyes closed.
We can help. Nova. From here.
[SIGHS]
All right.
But only you and I.
And only from here. Okay?
Thank you.
[ROUSING MUSIC PLAYING]
So the two of you
really think you can
take on the Iron Legion
on your own?
We've faced worse odds.
Plus this time.
we've got some backup.
[DOOR CREAKS OPEN]
SKYLAR: This is your backup?
Congratulations. you've
doubled your size to four.
Oh. don't look at me. kid.
I'm just the getaway driver.
[SKYLAR SCOFFS]
So there's only three of you.
Three's enough.
One shot. one kill.
[THRILLING MUSIC PLAYING]
ZERO: At the kill box.
Brandon and Thomas
-will be overwatch.
-[INAUDIBLE]
We need you on the same team.
Well. hello. old friend.
ZERO: I'll be in charge
of evac'ing the hostages.
Even with armor-piercing rounds.
can a .50-cal penetrate
an armored vehicle
like that one?
Damn right you can. especially
if you know where to shoot.
You look for the seams.
BRANDON: Nova and Skylar.
you are our eyes and ears.
So make sure
Cinderella gets to the ball.
GPS tracker. Don't lose it.
Or we lose you.
BRANDON: And Frost.
you're on extraction.
We'll be coming in hot.
Maybe it's time to upgrade.
You're gonna throw your back out
carrying that thing.
They'll most likely move out
first thing in the morning.
We need to be ready.
Let's load up.
I'm glad you're here.
Both of you.
Thank you for coming.
This... this right here
is my dream team.
Side by side till the end. B.
No other way.
[WATER TRICKLING]
[GRUNTS] Sorry you got dragged
into all this.
Dragged?
[CHUCKLING] No.
I came willingly.
You're my son. for God's sakes.
It's hard to believe
that one country
could cause us so much turmoil.
I guess that's the curse
of Costa Verde.
You know. my entire time
in the Marine Corps.
I only did one tour
of duty down here.
But I remember
this sergeant we had.
he. uh... before the mission.
he had all of us write
our own obituaries.
-[CHUCKLING]
-Wow.
Yeah. What a piece of work
he was. Whoa.
[CHUCKLES]
I guess he figured that. uh...
[CLEARS THROAT]
...if we did that.
we'd fight harder
and not have the fear of death.
[CHUCKLES DRYLY]
Death? [SCOFFS] Shit!
[SPITS]
I spit on death.
But you know what I did fear?
I feared that I might
never see you again.
I was...
I was never present enough.
Just not there.
All that lost time...
that... that lost time.
I'm sorry.
[SIGHS]
Of all the things I went through
in my career. everything I did.
did any of it really matter?
Did anything I ever do
change things?
I don't know.
[SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING]
I don't know that... that...
Hey. It did.
You made a difference.
You made a difference to me.
[CLEARS THROAT]
KATRINA: I still
don't understand
why you're not going back
with him.
Ah. mmm.
Mr. Rosenberg?
Hey. Katrina. Hey.
You can call me Zero.
-Mr. Zero.
-Yeah.
Let me come with. Zondi.
he saved my life. I owe him.
Your commander's orders were
for you to stay put.
And it is not my place to argue.
But there has to be
something I can do.
There is. You stay here.
you help these people get ready.
Your time to fight
will come. Katrina.
Today is not that day. Okay?
[SIGHS]
[IN SPANISH]
[BRANDON EXHALES HEAVILY]
[IN ENGLISH] Is it just me
or does everyone around here
make you feel old?
We're not old.
We're experienced.
Ha!
They are awfully young
to be goin' into battle. B.
Hell. look at Zondi.
He was so young
and fresh-faced when we met him.
Look at how I left him.
I can't get Angel's words
out of my head.
I should have stayed longer.
-Those weren't our orders. B.
-[SIGHS]
Zondi staying was his choice.
You told him it was dangerous.
He's just a kid. man.
With Modise gone...
You know. I get it now.
We finish an assignment
and head home.
but it's not just
about the state
we leave the country in.
it's about the state
we leave the people in.
Yeah.
But now is not the time
to second-guess our training
or what we've been doing
for years. B.
Because we have a job to do.
Okay?
[PATS]
[ENGINE RUMBLING]
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
Seatbelts!
I don't want you to hurt
yourself before the execution.
[QUINN CHUCKLING]
[FOREBODING MUSIC CONTINUES]
We got them.
Four-vehicle convoy.
just like we thought. Route 12.
Let's get into their GPS.
[FOREBODING MUSIC CONTINUES]
There you are.
-First. we need the plates.
-[TYPING]
[ELECTRONIC BEEPING]
I might need the make
and model of the car.
Then we search for the vehicle
GPS system satellite.
Let me lock into the area
where the vehicles
are traveling and...
-[COMPUTER BEEPS]
-Boom.
[GRIPPING MUSIC PLAYING]
This way. you wanker.
No. don't question it.
-Just do as you're told.
-[TYPING]
'Cause I need you to go...
right.
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
GPS: Turn right.
[GRIPPING MUSIC CONTINUES]
Turn left.
Convoy near your location.
Two minutes. Get ready.
[OVER COMMS] Thirty seconds.
Overwatch One in position.
As planned.
I'm taking the lead vehicle.
[OVER COMMS] Overwatch Two.
You've got the armored truck.
Overwatch Two in position.
Zero. you're on
the last vehicle.
ZERO: [OVER COMMS]
In position. Let's get to work.
Convoy has arrived.
Overwatch One. make the call.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
Overwatch One here.
Overwatch Two. on my count.
Something's off.
Green light in three... two...
one. Fire!
[DRIVER GRUNTS]
-[TIRES SQUEALING]
-Shot the wheel or something.
-Fuck.
-What the f--
MAN: Oh. shi--
[ALL BREATHING HEAVILY]
ZERO: Contact made!
[THRILLING MUSIC PLAYING]
KRUGER: Everybody out!
Covering fire!
[GUNFIRE]
Out. out. out! Everybody out!
[RAPID GUNFIRE]
[BULLETS RICOCHETING]
Up here. asshole! Look this way.
-[GUNSHOT]
-Sniper! Sniper! Stay low!
[GUN FIRES]
[QUINN GRUNTS]
[THRILLING MUSIC CONTINUES]
-[GUNSHOTS]
-[BULLETS RICOCHETING]
Beckett! Where are you?
-[RAPID GUNFIRE]
-[BULLETS RICOCHETING]
CABRERA: [OVER PHONE]
You're late. Kruger!
What the hell is going on?
The Americans
have got us pinned down!
Send reinforcements now!
Handle it!
You're the Iron fucking Legion!
This is what
we're paying you for!
If you don't send backup now.
this mess is gonna spread
even further.
I don't even know
where you are!
Follow the sound of the war zone
in your street!
Fucking dumbass!
LEGION: [IN ENGLISH]
Watch my six!
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
-[BANGING ON DOOR]
-KRUGER: Yayan! Covering fire!
Everybody out. now!
Yayan. on me!
Vince. move! Now!
THOMAS: [SOFTLY] Come on.
[GRUNTS]
Son of a--
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
-[BOTH GRUNTING]
-[GUNFIRE]
[ALL GRUNTING]
[CHOKING]
-[YELLS]
-[GROANS]
-[GUN CLICKS]
-[GASPS]
Move!
[EXCLAIMS]
ZERO: They're using
the hostages as shields!
[GRUNTING]
[ANGEL YELPS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[ANGEL SCREAMS]
[BOTH STRAINING]
When you get to hell.
tell them Angel sent you.
-[GRUNTS]
-[CHOKING]
[PANTING]
ZERO: [SOFTLY] Shit!
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[OVER COMMS] I'm pinned down.
BRANDON: I'm on it.
[GRIPPING ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
-[GUN FIRES]
-[GROANS] Fuck! Fuck!
[GROANS]
-[GUNSHOT]
-[GRUNTS]
KRUGER: Move!
ZERO: Fuck me! [SIGHS]
-[GUNSHOT]
-[GASPS]
BRANDON: Zondi just evac'ed.
He has no idea where to meet us.
Skylar. See if you can track
Zondi on CCTV.
SKYLAR: Copy. On it.
ZERO: Find Angel. She's still
in the mix somewhere.
I don't have a line of sight
on anyone up here.
Overwatch One. leaving position.
ZERO: Copy.
I'm going after Lorenzo.
[UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING]
[GUN COCKING]
ANGEL: [SOFTLY] Fuck!
-[GUNSHOTS]
-[GROANING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
-[BONES CRACK]
-[GROANS]
Damn it!
I don't have a clean shot.
[PANTING]
I got this. Evac.
Roger that. Heading to Frost.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[LORENZO BREATHING SHAKILY]
It's not a fuckin' game.
[GRUNTING]
-[BONES CRACK]
-[SCREAMS]
[LORENZO COUGHS]
-Fuck it. I'm killing you. Now.
-[LORENZO GASPING]
[CONTINUES GASPING]
[ZERO YELLS]
[KRUGER GRUNTS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Ezekiel Rosenberg.
I've heard about you.
You're Beckett's
little side-bitch. huh?
It's Zero. motherfucker.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[STRAINING]
[CHOKES]
[BOTH PANTING]
-[KRUGER YELLS]
-[GRUNTS]
[PANTING. CHUCKLING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[BOTH STRAINING]
[QUINN SCREAMS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GROANS]
[BRANDON PANTING]
[GROANING]
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
[SPITS]
[GRUNTING]
[CHUCKLES]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[ZERO YELLS]
[GASPING]
[GROANING]
Kruger's down.
Ah. I've got Angel
and Lorenzo with me.
Free and clear.
BRANDON: You need
to get out of there.
Get the chopper ready
for dust off.
All right. We need to move.
Let's go. Come on!
CVPD is swarming
the area. It's--
[RADIO STATIC WHINES]
Hello?
Nova. can you see
a clear way out?
[RADIO STATIC]
Nova?
Zero. come in.
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
Beckett? Zero? Do you copy?
Hang on. radios are down.
Well. get them back.
What do you think
I'm trying to do?
[HORN HONKS]
-Brandon. get on in.
-[SIGHS IN RELIEF]
Ran into your boy Zondi
on our way over here
to our rally point.
Looks like luck might be
on our side today.
ZERO: Frost!
FROST: It's about time.
Where's Zondi and the Becketts?
Wait. they should be here.
Nova. Skylar.
Either of you have tracking
on the Becketts' GPS?
[RADIO STATIC]
Nova? Skylar? Do you copy?
Shit! Comms are down.
Zondi. we good?
ZONDI: All good.
Our evac's
on the south side of town.
Just head that way.
we'll direct you from there.
NOVA: I can't find
what's blocking our signal.
They still got their trackers.
I'm just trying to get a visual.
[RADIO STATIC CRACKLING]
Who the bloody hell was that?
-Where's our signal?
-No.
No. no. No. they're trying
to break into our system. Nova.
What the f--
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
BRANDON: Zondi.
what are you doing?
What the hell is going on?
ZONDI: You've made your choices.
Brandon Beckett. I've made mine.
I risked everything for you!
ZONDI: You're too late.
[SOFTLY] Fuck!
Jesus.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Fuck. It's that
fucking cabrón. Díaz.
Damn it.
I've only got one shot left.
How fast can you
hot wire this car?
We can slam it into reverse.
we can ram our way out of here.
We aren't gonna
win this one. son.
Give me. Give me!
No matter what happens.
just stay strong. Hear me?
I should've seen this coming.
I'm sorry. Dad.
Go. Brandon.
Go!
-We're in this together.
-Yeah.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
Brandon...
I just want you
to know something.
You're the best thing
that ever happened to me.
Keep your head down.
your powder dry.
and don't forget.
semper fi. kiddo.
[GUN FIRES]
[GRUNTS]
ROMAN: Don't shoot!
[TENSE MUSIC CONTINUES]
[MUSIC BUILDING]
[GUN COCKS]
[GUNSHOT ECHOES]
BRANDON: [SCREAMS] No!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[WATER TRICKLING]
[DOOR CREAKS. CLOSES HEAVILY]
[SWITCH CLACKS]
Hello. Brandon.
[GRUNTS]
[GROWLS]
You set us up. you traitor!
How many more lives do you think
you have. Brandon Beckett?
These ropes
won't hold me forever.
I will be free.
And when I am.
I will end you. Thabo Zondi.
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[GUNSHOTS]
This is my vengeance!
[GRUNTING]
[EXPLOSION]
-Take the goddamn shot!
-[GUN COCKS]
ZONDI: Your legacy ends here.
[GUN FIRES]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRIPPING TRAP MUSIC PLAYING]
[UPBEAT ELECTRONIC
MUSIC PLAYING]
[DRAMATIC ELECTRONIC
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today